An iron-cast nuptial chamber was built atop Santali hill.
There, Lakhindar, soon fell into a deep sleep. 
Slender as a thread, the snake Kali, sneaked into the room.
Lakkhindar’s beauty made the snake waver. 
Where should I bite this dark and handsome man? 
(But) How would I respond if the gods were to question me? 
With the sun and the moon as its witnesses, it sank its fangs (into Lakkhindar). 
“Wake-up, wake-up merchant Shai’s daughter,” (cried Lakkhindar). 
“Doomed sleep has devoured you, and what devoured me?” 
(She) flung a golden betel nut cracker at the snake
That severed two-and-a-half finger’s length of its tail. 
Writhing in pain, the snake fled. 
Nyara, the servant ran to the trader saying
“Listen O Sir, your son has died.” 
Hearing this news Chand started dancing (in fury).
“Oh, it is good that my boy Lakkhindar has died,” he cried.
Swinging hental staves in both hands, he started dancing.
“How long,” he asks a woman, “for the day to break?”
“Roasted fish I shall eat, along with fermented rice.” 
“You had given me conch shell bangles and saris, (now) take them away (from me).
(And) prepare one banana tree o father- in-law”.
One banana tree was cut into three. 
Upon the raft fastened with bamboo pegs, Behula sailed away.
Floating and drifting, the raft went away. 
(Her) six brothers, in hot pursuit, rushed to meet her.
The brother said, “O dear sister, beloved sister 
“Why are you sailing the waters with that rotten carcass?
“Come back home, we shall look after you. 
“Our six wives shall serve under you.” 
“The house of my parents, o brother, doesn’t suit me anymore.
“One is forever at loggerheads with the sisters-in-law.” 
Having consoled her brothers, she sailed on.
The raft floated up to Gada’s quay. 
Gada doesn’t eat just rice, he catches rui fish (carp) as well.
With swollen legs and a massive hump on his shoulders, Gada 
The one-with-the-fish-hook casts his fishing rod here and there. 
“(Let there be) Ash in your mouth Gada, ash in your mouth.
“I am a servant of mother Manasa, I sail upon these waters.” 
Having cursed Gada, Behula sailed on. 
